DEA
embezzlement
I want to scary stories car
den
A cool scary story
Even wet in such a season off
The
na
Palmer no good again die or you
Yeah scary story
Oh, when I was on the second floor, there was a time when I could not reach my breathing while surrounded by enemies
I was really strong
After all
5 people is what in is nothing sound park
There is no other way more than enough to stop supplies during the war
If this is not strong, you also go to Hiromichi
II
Dosu N
By mistake when I did robbery push the old days if there is that it has entered into the house of scenery Sir
That's those guys do sooo insistent when what Parker view Chiyara
Did not have a living feeling it is also fled the round end up many months to obtain a earn no
It's just a pokemon talk it's manners
What else not to Oh
Well then I
It is a story I heard from
When my friend's child took a bath, my feet slipped and I hit the tile and hit my toe
Kutto
If you look at your feet, your thumb nails are like toilet lids, or with dad
It's a painful story that is not strong
Yes 5th Knighter
1 miso meso meso meso
4 large
Re Ne heard Bakka to people boo Hanashiro something you guys part
Maca java 8 Yeah door I'm talking about that I've heard from people who apparently had me effect on people of the woman
Ne
Went seems has been targeted by such a person very much stalker
Occasionally strange telephone off the coast north
One day
There is a mobile phone
Hearts
Boo
Mysterious words were included
At that time
I thought it was a normal mischief
perl skin
I noticed that this way of walking was strange to change
Brother this
Said leg
Oh c
hippo
It had been cut ultra-Ttea
You guys more wide roughly's own head If you find I ne such mon not gonna be another guard over
Say that
Well or try wants ish scary likely to do little Oh girl Is But to Nasan'na
The lock that you Do not I was no sky scary mon
Well something 9 color wool
Box mother
It's not a big deal but
It is a story of acquaintance
Since listening to the stairs that the girl of the red skirt comes out from a friend
It contains a low pressure that strange happens
I think it's a joke at first
Everyone didn't do it
One day
And from that person late at night in one of the house of friends have a phone call
now
The children of the red skirt out of the window
It's telephone when saying a word has gone out I
Is good when I went to visit the boarding house friends was worrisome at you
That
Hanging at the entrance of the needle
I'm dead
daemon
Hey, I do not have much of it is in spite was much to
Hey, I strong Well then I'm scared
No
It there is a continuation to this story
Person who heard this story
After all
Within 3 days at my home
I was looking at a kid in a red skirt
So
You're also talking kneaded with care
Hmm
perl
There is no such thing that there is no such thing
I told you that talking about scared price
Well com
Sergeant
A little toilet
road
ran